[OOHS AND AHS]
CONGRATS, ZANE,
YOU'VE DONE IT AGAIN!
YOU'VE GOTTEN THE HIGHEST SCORES
IN THE SCHOOL!
AND YOU KNOW
WHAT THAT MEANS!
YOU WIN THE HONOR OF BEING
THE HEADLINER IN DUEL ACADEMY'S
PRESTIGIOUS GRADUATION MATCH!
WHY, THANKS.
AND TRADITION DICTATES...
THAT YOU GET TO PICK WHOEVER
YOU WANT AS YOUR OPPONENT!
SO WHO WILL IT BE, ZANE?
[NERVOUS MURMURING]
[THINKING]
WHO WILL I DUEL?
THE ONLY ONE WORTHY.
IT'S TIME TO GIVE JADEN
HIS REMATCH.
[THEME MUSIC PLAYING]
♪ CHILLIN' OUT WITH THE CREW
IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER LOOKING TOO HARD ♪
♪ WELL, BACK AT CLASS,
THEY NEVER TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME DAYS YOU'VE GOT
TO LEARN HIPNESS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES,
HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE THEM ON
TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW, LET'S GO! ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH! GX,
GENERATION X ♪
♪ GAME ON,
GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ GAME ON,
GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE
AND WIN THIS FIGHT ♪
SOMEHOW, YEAH! ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH! GX ♪
♪ GAME ON,
GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ COME ON
AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
SORRY...YOU..UH...JUST
KINDA SCARED ME THERE,
BIG BRO.
Jaden: ZANE ALWAYS
SCARES YOU, SY.
SO, WHAT'S UP?
YOU KNOW, IN MY THREE YEARS
AT THE ACADEMY...
I'VE NOT ONCE SET FOOT
IN THIS HERE DORM.
IT'S NICE THAT I'VE FINALLY
FOUND A REASON TO COME OUT HERE.
A REASON?
WHAT, LIKE,
TO INVITE US
OUT TO LUNCH?
OR TO TAKE US
TO ONE OF YOUR
HOT SHOT OBELISK
BLUE FUNCTIONS?
HMM?
TO DUEL YOU.
AAH!
AH!
SORRY, BUT I....
THOUGHT YOU SAID, "DUEL".
YES, I DID.
HUH?
TO DUEL YOU, JADEN.
I'VE DECIDED.
I WANT YOU TO JOIN ME
IN THE GRAD MATCH.
HUH?
THE GRAD MATCH?
THAT'S THE BIGGEST DUEL
OF THE YEAR!
RIGHT.
'TIL THEN.
AW, JAY...
OH, AND I LIKE YOUR DORM
BY THE WAY.
IT'S A GOOD FIT
FOR YOU KIDS. HUH.
WOW, THE GRAD MATCH!
OH BOY, THIS IS SO SWEET!
THE LAST DUEL
OF THE SCHOOL YEAR...
AND I'M IN IT!
YEAH, THE THICK OF IT!
COME ON, JADEN,
THIS IS ZANE WE'RE
TALKING ABOUT HERE!
THE ONLY STUDENT DUELIST
YOU'VE EVER LOST TO!
AND YOU'RE GOING
TO BE DUELING HIM
IN FRONT OF
THE ENTIRE SCHOOL!
OH...
JADEN!
IF YOU DON'T WIN THIS,
YOU'LL BE STUCK
IN HIS SHADOW FOREVER!!
YOU'LL NEVER BE
THE NEXT KING OF GAMES!
WELL!
GUESS I'LL HAVE
TO WIN THEN!
BUT, JAY!
THAT'S EASIER SAID
THAN DONE!
I MEAN,
DON'T GET ME WRONG,
YOU'RE GOOD--
BUT ZANE IS...
ZANE IS WHAT, SYRUS?
HE'S JUST NEVER LOST!
SURE,
THERE WAS CAMULA...
BUT HE LOST THAT
ON PURPOSE FOR ME.
OTHER THAN THAT
HE'S UNDEFEATED!
UNBEATEN!
LOOK, JADEN...
IT'S NOT THAT...
I DON'T BELIEVE
IN YOU.
I...JUST DON'T WANT
TO SEE MY BEST FRIEND
GET HURT.
AW MAN, THIS IS ALL
JUST COMING OUT WRONG...
WHAT CAN I SAY?
HOW ABOUT...
GET YOUR GAME ON!
ALRIGHT...!
IT'S TRUE!
IT'S GOING TO BE
ZANE AND JADEN IN
THE GRADUATION MATCH!
MY! THAT HAS THE MAKINGS
OF A FANTASTIC DUEL!
THINK OF IT...
AN OBELISK
VERSUS A SLIFER!
A THIRD YEAR STUDENT
VERSUS A FIRST YEAR!
SHOULD BE GOOD!
SHOULD BE THE CHAZZ DUELING-
NOW THAT'S A MATCH!
HEY!
NOT SO SURE ABOUT THAT,
CHAZZY...
SEE, WITH
ZANE AND JADEN...
IT'LL BE...
COOL, CALM AND COLLECTED
VERSUS FAST AND FURIOUS!
I DON'T KNOW
IF JADEN'S FURIOUS.
BUT HE DEFINITELY DUELS
WITH MORE PASSION
THAN ZANE.
TRUE, BUT SOMETIMES THAT CAN
HURT YOUR GAME.
SHOULD BE MY GAME!
WHAT A YEAR IT'S BEEN
HERE AT DUEL ACADEMY.
AND WHAT A WAY TO END IT.
ONE FINAL MATCH
WITH THE BIG MAN ON CAMPUS.
THE TOP DUELIST IN THE SCHOOL!
THE ONE STUDENT WHO BEAT ME!
ARGH!
THE ONE STUDENT WHO STANDS
BETWEEN ME AND BEING THE BEST!
NOT TWO WAYS ABOUT IT,
I GOTTA WIN!
WHAT'S UP, ZANE?
WHAT'S UP IS IT'S TIME...
IT'S TIME FOR OUR REMATCH.
I'LL SEE YOU
AT THE DUEL ARENA.
[CROWD MURMURING]
IT'S ABOUT TO START!
YEAH...
ZANE AND JADEN
DUELING IT OUT
IN THE
LAST THROWDOWN
OF THE YEAR--
MAN, WHO COULD ASK
FOR A BETTER MATCH!
A MISMATCH...
ACCORDING TO MY FIGURES
ZANE'S QUITE THE FAVORITE.
SOME THINGS
YOU CAN'T FIGURE.
[THINKING]
YEAH, LIKE I CAN'T FIGURE OUT
WHY THE CHAZZ WAS LEFT OUT
OF THIS DUEL!
JADEN LOOKS SERIOUS!
THAT'S GOTTA BE
A FIRST.
I WONDER IF
HE'S NERVOUS?
HE OUGHT TO BE.
YEAH, GOTTA AGREE.
IT'S ZANE'S BIG DAY,
AND HE'S GONNA DUEL BIG.
ALRIGHT, ZANE.
I GUESS MAY
THE BEST DUELIST WIN.
AND NOW,
LADIES AND GENTLEMEN!
WE COMMENCE...
WITH THE GRAD MATCH BETWEEN...
ZANE TRUESDALE...
AND JADEN...HM,
IS IT YUCKY?
NO, DOODY?
OH, WAIT...YUKI.
YUKI.
ENOUGH SMALL TALK.
YEAH, NO JOKE!
LET'S DO THIS!
GET YOUR GAME ON,
ZANE!
SO WHO MAKES
THE FIRST MOVE?
YOU CAN CHOOSE.
IN THAT CASE...
GO RIGHT AHEAD,
I'LL GO SECOND.
REALLY-SECOND?
[THINKING]
INTERESTING CHOICE.
BY GOING SECOND,
ZANE WON'T BE ABLE
TO SUMMON
THAT POWERFUL
CYBER DRAGON A' HIS
DURING THE FIRST ROUND
BECAUSE THERE
WON'T BE A MONSTER
OUT ON THE FIELD
TO LET HIM DO IT.
LOOKS LIKE SOME
HAS STUDIED UP ON ME.
ALRIGHT, ZANE!
TIME TO THROWDOWN!
VERY WELL THEN.
HERE GOES!
I ACTIVATE...
THE SPELL CARD
POLYMERIZATION!
NOW BY SENDING SOME SELECT
MONSTERS FROM MY HAND...
TO THE GRAVE, I CAN SUMMON
A FUSION MONSTER!
TO THE GRAVE?!
THAT'S RIGHT, JADEN.
THERE'S MORE THAN
ONE WAY TO SKIN A CAT,
OR IN THIS CASE...
SUMMON A DRAGON!
AW...
I'LL SEND THE THREE
CYBER DRAGONS IN MY HAND
TO THE GRAVEYARD
SO I CAN SUMMON
THE CYBER END DRAGON.
AH...
DEAR ME.
AND ME.
HE'S GOOD.
[THINKING]
I WAS WONDERIN' WHY
HE DIDN'T CARE
WHO WENT FIRST.
BUT NOW I KNOW.
HE WAS PREPARED FOR
EITHER SITUATION!
QUESTION IS: AM I?
ESPECIALLY NOW THAT
THAT CYBER END DRAGON
IS OUT.
AFTER ALL, WHEN IT
ATTACKS A MONSTER
IN DEFENSE MODE,
THE DIFFERENCE BETWEEN
ITS ATTACK POINTS
AND THE DEFENDING
MONSTER'S DEFENSE POINTS
ARE DEALT TO ME
AS DAMAGE.
MAN, HOW COULD I HAVE
LET THIS HAPPEN?
ARGH! WELL?!
ANYTHING ELSE YOU
WANNA THROW AT ME?
AS A MATTER OF FACT...
YES, THERE IS.
DIFFERENT DIMENSION CAPSULE!
NOW, JADEN...
I SELECT ONE CARD
IN MY DECK...
AND REMOVE IT FROM PLAY.
BUT THEN...IN TWO TURNS,
IT RETURNS TO MY HAND.
HEY, I REMEMBER THIS...
IN OUR FIRST DUEL,
ZANE USED THAT DIFFERENT
DIMENSION CAPSULE
TO ADD POWER BOND
TO HIS HAND.
WONDER IF HE'S DOIN'
THE SAME THING HERE.
FINALLY, I'LL PLACE ONE CARD
FACE DOWN AND END MY TURN.
HM...THE
PLOT THICKENS.
A FACE DOWN, TOO?
I CAN'T KNOW FOR SURE
WHAT THOSE CARDS ARE
BUT I SURE HAVE A HUNCH!
YEAH, THAT CAPSULE CARD
MUST BE POWER BOND.
AND THE FACEDOWN
HE JUST THREW MUST
BE DE-FUSION!
HE MUST BE PLANNING TO
DEFUSE CYBER END DRAGON
AND THEN FINISH ME OFF!
JADEN, GO ON.
IT'S YOUR MOVE NOW...
AH...
WHAT'S WRONG,
IT'S LIKE HE'S
FROZEN UP.
I'VE NEVER SEEN HIM
LIKE THIS BEFORE.
HA!
ZANE THINKS HE'S GONNA
OUTSMART ME AGAIN.
BUT NOT THIS TIME!
THIS TIME, I'M GONNA
OUT SMART HIM!
AND I'M GONNA START
RIGHT NOW!
ALRIGHT!
HERE GOES!
I PLAY ELEMENTAL
HERO WILDHEART
IN ATTACK MODE!
THEN I'M GOING TO ACTIVATE
THE SPELL CARD WILD HALF,
AND CUZ A'
ITS EFFECT...
THE POINTS OF YOUR DRAGON
ARE NOW SPLIT IN HALF!
AND NOW...
A HALF TOKEN WITH
THE SAME POINTS
AS YOUR WEAKENED
END DRAGON IS SUMMONED!
BUT I'M NOT DONE YET!
NEXT I EQUIP THE SPELL
CARD CYCLONE BOOMERANG
ON TO WILDHEART!
NOW WILDHEART'S ATTACK
POINTS INCREASE BY 500!
NOW GO, WILDHEART--
ATTACK THAT CYBER
END DRAGON!
WILD WALLOPING
BOOMERANG!
I DON'T THINK SO,
I PLAY DE-FUSION!
AGAINST ANY OF THOSE
THREE CYBER DRAGONS.
WILDHEART CAN'T WIN.
BUT AGAINST THAT ONE
CYBER END DRAGON...
WILD HEART
STILL HAS A CHANCE...
YEAH, IT MAY BE
A REALLY SMALL ONE,
BUT I HAVE NO OTHER CHOICE
THAN TO GO FOR IT...
AND JUST HOPE FOR
THE VERY BEST!
OTHERWISE,
I'LL BE BESTED!
ATTACK, WILDHEART!
HE DID IT.
JADEN DESTROYED
ZANE'S CYBER END
DRAGON!
INDEED HE DID.
JADEN MUST HAVE CALCULATED
THAT ZANE'S FACEDOWN
WAS DE-FUSION--
MOST IMPRESSIVE.
I GUESS...
BUT THAT'S NOT REALLY
JADEN'S STYLE.
SURE, WILDHEART'S GONE,
TOO.
BUT SINCE HE WAS EQUIPPED
WITH CYCLONE BOOMERANG...
ALL SPELL AND TRAP CARDS
THAT ARE OUT ON THE FIELD
ARE NOW DESTROYED!
AND PLUS...
FOR EVERY SPELL
AND TRAP CARD
THAT WAS DESTROYED,
YOU TAKE...
A BIG FAT 500 SMACKEROOS
TO YOUR LIFE POINTS!
SO NOT ONLY DID HE DESTROY
CYBER END DRAGON...
BUT HE TOOK THE LEAD
IN THE DUEL, TOO?
YES, IT SURE LOOKS
THAT WAY!
JADEN HAS REALLY DONE
HIS HOMEWORK HERE!
DONE HIS HOMEWORK?
WELL THEN,
THIS WOULD CERTAINLY
BE THE FIRST TIME...
THAT SLIFER SLACKER!
YEAH, NOT ANYMORE!
IN THIS DUEL HERE...
I'M PLAYING
WITH MY HEAD,
NOT MY HEART!
HMM...
NEXT I'LL
THROW DOWN A FACEDOWN
AND END MY TURN.
OH, IS THAT IT?
VERY WELL.
FIRST OF ALL...
THE CARD REMOVED
FROM PLAY USING CAPSULE...
RETURNS TO ME.
HEY, WAIT A SEC!
SO THEN THE CARD
YOU HAD IN THERE
WASN'T POWER BOND?
NO IT WASN'T.
SEEMS AS THOUGH YOU
OVER-THOUGHT THIS ONE, JADEN.
IT WAS...CARD FROM
A DIFFERENT DIMENSION.
WHOA, I DIDN'T SEE
THAT COMING!
DUE TO THIS...
WE NOW BOTH GET TO DRAW
TWO CARDS FROM OUR DECKS
TO OUR HANDS.
OH, I SEE.
TO SUMMON
HIS CYBER END DRAGON...
ZANE NEEDED TO USE
AT LEAST FOUR OF HIS CARDS.
SO THEREFORE...
IF HE HAD USED DE-FUSION
AND THEN PLAYED POWER BOND
RIGHT AFTERWARDS...
THERE WOULDN'T HAVE BEEN ANY
CARDS LEFT IN HIS HAND TO USE!
AND THAT WOULD'VE PUT
ZANE IN A TOUGH SPOT.
YEAH, YOU'RE RIGHT.
THAT ZANE.
BOY, HE SURE IS A CLEVER GUY!
MAYBE YOU SHOULD ROOT FOR HIM
INSTEAD OF YOUR BOYFRIEND JADEN!
SHUT UP!
AWKWAAARD.
HEH HEH.
COME ON, JAY.
HANG IN THERE.
ALRIGHT...
CYBER DRAGON WAGE
A DIRECT ATTACK...
WITH STRIDENT BLAST!
DON'T THINK SO!
I PLAY THE TRAP
DRAINING SHIELD!
SORRY ZANE...
BUT NOW YOUR
CYBER DRAGON'S ATTACK
IS CANCELLED...
AND I GET TO REGAIN
LIFE POINTS EQUAL TO
ITS ATTACK POINTS!
THAT'S FINE!
YOU'LL NEED THEM
BECAUSE NOW MY REMAINING
TWO CYBER DRAGONS...
ARE GOING TO ATTACK,
JADEN!
STRIDENT BLAST!
AH...
AAH! ARGH!
NEXT I'LL PLACE ONE CARD
FACEDOWN AND END MY TURN.
WOW, JADEN JUST BARELY
GOT OUT OF THAT ROUND.
TOO CLOSE!
IT'LL BE EVEN CLOSER
NEXT TURN.
THOSE CYBER DRAGONS
ARE STILL OUT.
MEANING JADEN IS IN
A STATE OF CONSTANT PERIL.
HE MUST NEUTRALIZE THEM.
YEAH, NO JOKE
BASTION,
BUT THE QUESTION
OF THE DAY IS HOW?
AND MORE
IMPORTANTLY, WHEN?
YOU KNOW...
NORMALLY I'D SAY
NOT TO WORRY, BUT...
BUT WHAT?
BUT WITH THE WAY JAY'S
OVER-THINKING THINGS HERE.
I'M REALLY NOT SO SURE.
I KNOW...
[THINKING]
COME ON JADEN,
USE YOUR HEAD!
YOU'VE GOTTA FIGURE OUT A WAY TO
GET RID OF THOSE CYBER DRAGONS!
AND YOU'VE GOTTA DO IT
RIGHT NOW!
HERE I GO!
MY DRAW!
I PLAY THE SPELL:
THE WARRIOR RETURNING
ALIVE!
NOW I CAN I SELECT
ONE WARRIOR-TYPE MONSTER
IN MY GRAVEYARD
AND ADD IT TO MY HAND.
SO...
COME ON BACK, WILDHEART!
AND NEXT...
I'LL ACTIVATE...
POLYMERIZATION...
AND FUSE WILDHEART WITH
ELEMENTAL HERO BLADEDGE...
TO CREATE ELEMENTAL
HERO WILDEDGE!
AND NOW HE'S GOING
TO EDGE YOU OUT...
BY ATTACKING ALL
THE MONSTERS YOU HAVE
ON YOUR FIELD...
IN ONE
DEVASTATING ATTACK!
SO DO YOUR THING,
WILDEDGE,
AND GO WILD ON THOSE
THREE CYBER DRAGONS!
MY GOODNESS!
ALL THREE CYBER DRAGONS
DESTROYED IN JUST ONE TURN?!
HOW REMARKABLE!
THIS DUEL IS TRULY
LIVING UP TO ITS HYPE!
WHAT A SHOT!
THAT WAS THE SWEETEST!
THERE'S REALLY SOMETHIN'
TO ALL A' THIS
STRATEGIZING STUFF!
YOU'RE A FOOL.
WHAT?
I'M ACTIVATING...
THE TRAP CARD RETURN SOUL.
AH...
NOW ALL MONSTERS THAT WERE
DESTROYED THIS TURN COME BACK...
AND RETURN TO MY DECK.
GREAT, JUST WHEN I
THOUGHT I WAS RID OF
THEM...THEY'RE BACK.
AND RARIN' TO GET RID
OF ME!
WHAT A SHAME.
I PICKED JADEN YUKI
TO BE IN MY LAST DUEL...
WONDER WHERE HE IS.
SAY WHAT?
YOU'RE NOT BEING YOURSELF.
YOU'RE NOT PLAYING
WITH YOUR HEART.
THAT'S RIGHT!
CUZ TO BEAT YOU!
I'VE GOTTA PLAY
WITH MY HEAD!
LIKE I'M DOIN' NOW!
WHAT YOU'RE DOING NOW,
JADEN...
IS WASTING MY TIME.
SURE I AM!
YOU CAN QUIT WITH ALL
THE MIND GAMES, OKAY?!
THEY'RE NOT GONNA WORK!
HMM...
MIND GAMES?
I DON'T THINK THAT'S WHAT
HE'S DOING.
I MEAN, ZANE HAS A POINT.
JADEN...
IS DUELING DIFFERENTLY.
IT'S MY TURN NOW...
AND I PLAY THE SPELL
FUTURE FUSION!
BUT THIS IS
NO ORDINARY FUSION.
YOU SEE, I'M ALLOWED
TO FUSE CARDS...
NOT IN MY HAND.
THEREFORE...
I SEND THREE CYBER DRAGONS
IN MY DECK TO THE GRAVEYARD...
AND SUMMON
THE CYBER END DRAGON!
AH...
OF COURSE, MONSTERS THAT ARE
CREATED BY FUTURE FUSION...
AREN'T ALLOWED TO ATTACK
ON THE TURN THEY'RE SUMMONED.
BUT I CAN WAIT.
YEAH, BUT I CAN'T.
I'VE GOTTA THINK
OF A WAY TO GET RID
OF THAT THING FAST!
COME ON, JADEN,
USE YOUR BRAIN!
ALRIGHT THEN...HA!
I'M THROWIN' DOWN
THREE FACEDOWNS!
AND THAT'S IT!
STILL WITH YOUR HEAD.
YOU CAN'T WIN THIS WAY.
DON'T THINK SO?
WELL, WE'LL JUST HAVE
TO SEE ABOUT THAT!
GO AHEAD THEN, ZANE,
MAKE YOUR MOVE!
WHAT A DISAPPOINTMENT
YOU'VE BECOME.
ENOUGH WITH THAT!
OKAY FINE THEN, JADEN.
IF YOU WON'T LISTEN
TO MY WORDS.
PERHAPS YOU'LL LISTEN
TO MY CARDS!
FIRST I'M GOING TO PLAY
THE SPELL CARD...
DE-FUSION!
ACTIVATE!
NOW, ONE FUSION MONSTER
ON THE FIELD RETURNS
TO MY FUSION DECK.
NEXT MY THREE NORMAL
CYBER DRAGONS COME BACK.
NOW I'LL ACTIVATE...
MY SPELL CARD!
HA!
RECOGNIZE IT, JADEN?
IT'S POWER BOND!
AND WITH IT,
I CAN SUMMON BACK
AN OLD FRIEND...
THE CYBER END DRAGON!
WAIT, AGAIN?
BUT WHY?
WHY AGAIN,
YOU MAY BE ASKING?
QUITE SIMPLE, REALLY.
IF A MONSTER IS SUMMONED
VIA POWER BOND...
ITS ATTACK POINTS...
ARE AUTOMATICALLY DOUBLED!
AH...
JUST GREAT...
LOOKS LIKE
USIN' MY HEAD...
HAS GOT ME HEADED
TOWARDS A GIANT LOSS!
ONE I MAY NEVER
BE ABLE TO LIVE DOWN!
AND TO THINK,
I ADMIRED YOU, JADEN.
I WON'T MAKE
THAT MISTAKE AGAIN,
NOR WILL ANYONE ELSE!
OH NO...
YOU'RE THROUGH!